DOCSP-40232 formatting typo (#3294)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/app-services.txt

App Services - React Native SDK
===============================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: App Services available with the React Native SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Overview of using Atlas App Services with the Atlas Device SDK for React Native.
```
